README.md, before:

# Hi I´m Matias 👋🏽

-   🌎 &nbsp; Born and living in Argentina.
-   💼 &nbsp; Software developer at PwC.
-   🎓 &nbsp; Pursuing a Degree in Information Systems - Graduated as a Programmer analyst.
-   📚 &nbsp; Passionate about exploring new technologies and continuous learning.

You can check my portfolio <a href="https://matiasgimenez.vercel.app/">here</a>

## Tech stack
[![Frontend](https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=html,css,tailwind,js,ts,react)](https://skillicons.dev) <br/>
[![Backend](https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=python,fastapi,nodejs,mongodb,postgres,sqlite,redis)](https://skillicons.dev) <br/>
[![DevOps](https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=docker,kubernetes,git,github,azure)](https://skillicons.dev) <br/>

<!--START_SECTION:waka-->

```txt
From: 27 November 2024 - To: 17 January 2026

Total Time: 360 hrs 34 mins

Python        287 hrs 38 mins >>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>=====   79.77 %
YAML          18 hrs 9 mins   >========================   05.03 %
TOML          14 hrs 53 mins  >========================   04.13 %
Markdown      10 hrs 28 mins  >========================   02.90 %
Bash          8 hrs 59 mins   >========================   02.50 %
Other         7 hrs 40 mins   >========================   02.13 %
JSON          6 hrs 22 mins   =========================   01.77 %
TypeScript    3 hrs 9 mins    =========================   00.88 %
Docker        1 hr 9 mins     =========================   00.32 %
Astro         30 mins         =========================   00.14 %
```

<!--END_SECTION:waka-->

## Connect with me

<p>
<a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/matiagimenez"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-0077B5?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white"/></a>
<a href="https://www.github.com/matiagimenez"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-100000?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white"/></a>
<a href="https://www.codewars.com/users/m4tias"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Codewars-B1361E?style=for-the-badge&logo=Codewars&logoColor=white"/></a>
</p>

Commit message:

chore(config): revise personal details
Updated personal information and current education details.

README.md, after:

# Hi I´m Matias 👋🏽

-   🌎 &nbsp; Born and living in Argentina.
-   💼 &nbsp; Backend developer at PwC.
-   🎓 &nbsp; Pursuing a bachelor's degree in artificial intelligence - Graduated as a Programmer analyst.
-   😄 &nbsp; Exploring AI (and being polite to them, just in case).

You can check my portfolio <a href="https://matiasgimenez.vercel.app/">here</a>

## Tech stack
[![Frontend](https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=html,css,tailwind,js,ts,react)](https://skillicons.dev) <br/>
[![Backend](https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=python,fastapi,nodejs,mongodb,postgres,sqlite,redis)](https://skillicons.dev) <br/>
[![DevOps](https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=docker,kubernetes,git,github,azure)](https://skillicons.dev) <br/>

<!--START_SECTION:waka-->

```txt
From: 27 November 2024 - To: 17 January 2026

Total Time: 360 hrs 34 mins

Python        287 hrs 38 mins >>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>=====   79.77 %
YAML          18 hrs 9 mins   >========================   05.03 %
TOML          14 hrs 53 mins  >========================   04.13 %
Markdown      10 hrs 28 mins  >========================   02.90 %
Bash          8 hrs 59 mins   >========================   02.50 %
Other         7 hrs 40 mins   >========================   02.13 %
JSON          6 hrs 22 mins   =========================   01.77 %
TypeScript    3 hrs 9 mins    =========================   00.88 %
Docker        1 hr 9 mins     =========================   00.32 %
Astro         30 mins         =========================   00.14 %
```

<!--END_SECTION:waka-->

## Connect with me

<p>
<a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/matiagimenez"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-0077B5?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white"/></a>
<a href="https://www.github.com/matiagimenez"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-100000?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white"/></a>
<a href="https://www.codewars.com/users/m4tias"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Codewars-B1361E?style=for-the-badge&logo=Codewars&logoColor=white"/></a>
</p>
